A. Landing Page:
containing login and sign up buttons and other nav options different from the home page, which is for login in users
On landing page show details about indian railways and other notices and achievements .....and so on

B. Registration Page

Login related information

"You have to create two web pages: 1. registration for the customer, and 2. login for the customer.

Login.

If the user is already register for application you will ask the user for the username and password. You will need to take following things in to consideration.

user login page
1. Username: username should be string and it should not be a not null value 
2. password: password should be string and it should also be not null value.

Register page

If the user is not registered they will go to the register page, and you will fill out the following details 
1. username
    1.1 It should be at least 6 characters long
    1.2 without the special character or number
    1.3 it should be a not null value.

2. password
    2.1 It should be at least 8 characters long
    2.2 It should contain at least 1 special character
    2.3 It should contain at least 1 number character
    2.4 It should contain at least 1 upper character
    2.5 it should be a not null value.

3. Confirm Password
    3.1 It should match the password and confirm password
    3.2 it should be a not null value.

4. Mail
    4.1 It should contain at least one ""@"" sign
    4.2 It should contain at least one part for the domain like gmail.com or hotmail.com
    4.3 it should be a not null value.

5. Mobile Number
    5.1 It should not take any alphabet as input, and it should be 10 digits long
    5.2 it should be a not null value.

6. Adhara number
    6.1 -> it should be a not null value.”



C. user login and home page for user

Customer related operation

"Once user are logged into the customer portal there should be following functions
In the user home page, there will be 5 main components you will need to implement.

1. Table aggregate Section
    1.1 Number of tickets booked per class
    1.2 Sales done per quarter

2. Book Ticket
    2.1 ID [This should be auto populated in accordance to the user logged in]
    2.2 Name
    2.3 Mobile
    2.4 Age
    2.5 Date
    2.6 Boarding Station
    2.7 Destination Station
    2.8 Ticket Category [First class, A.C tier 1, A.C tier2, Tatkal etc]
    2.9 Trains available [Showing all the available trains for selection]
    2.10 Number of tickets

Upon submitting, it should navigate you to a booking confirmation page displaying your ID and train ID with a few essential booking details, eg, your booking ID, Boarding and destination station, etc.

3. Veiw Ticket option and download ticket option

This section will display all the tickets booked by user. Following things should be displayed

    3.1 Ticket ID
    3.2 Train ID
    3.3 User ID
    3.4 User Name
    3.5 Boarding Station
    3.6 Destination Station
    3.7 Boarding Date and Time
    3.8 Arrival Date and Time
    3.9 Number of tickets [This will show the number of tickets bought by the user at a time of book       ticket]
    3.10 Cancel Ticket option asks for conirmation once then it's status will be shown cancel
        3.10.1 Cancel ticket option should pop the cancellation confirmation box which should be confirmed in order to cancel the ticket


4. Update Details

This section will allow the user to update their details. The user should be able to update the following things this details are the details they fill at a time of registration.

    4.1 Email
    4.2 Mobile Number
    4.3 Address
    4.4 Update Password
        4.4.1 If selected it will show the following feilds
            4.4.1.1 Current Password
            4.4.1.2 New Password
            4.4.1.3 Confirm password

[Note: The validations here should be default i.e. followed same as you followed for user registration process] I

5. Logout [Once the user clicks on the logout button user should be redirected back to the landing page form the user homepage application]”


D. admin Home Page

Admin Related operation.

"Once admin are logged into the admin portal there should be a navigation with the following this option should also present on the landing page or should be an radio button or dropout at a login page like login as "Admin" or "User". there will be no registration for admin admin username will be "admin" and password will be "Admin@17".

NOTE: All the values that you will be entering in your application should not be null value.

Admin Home page

In the admin home page there will be 3 main compoment you will need to impliment.

1. Aggrigate Table Section
    1.1 Number of tickets booked per class
    1.2 Sales done per quarter

2. Table section
    2.1 In the table section you will be having data with respect the client, with following information.
    2.2.1 ID
    2.2.2 Name
    2.2.3 Mobile
    2.2.4 Number Of ticket Booked
    2.2.5 Delete customer

3. Register a train
In the register a train web page on admin homepage, admin will register the train so that user can use the same while checking the schedule and user can select which train he wants to go through Following are some of the things the admin will enter to register a train

    3.1 Name of train
    3.2 Number of seats
    3.3 To
    3.4 From
    3.5 Ownership of the train.

4. Profile
In the profile section admin will be updating or deleting the user information. It will be having the following information admin can update.

    4.1 user's Username 
    4.2 User's Password
    4.3 user's Mobile Number
    4.4 user's Email Id

5. Logout
Once the admin clicks on the logout button admin should be redirected the landing page of the website